== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.

=== Installation Guide

==== Ubuntu

To install the web-app Ubuntu needs to have its aptitude updated and curl installed.


  sudo apt-get update
  sudo apt-get install curl


For Rails to run we need to install Ruby via RVM (Ruby Version Manager).

  gpg --keyserver hkp://keys.gnupg.net --recv-keys 409B6B1796C275462A1703113804BB82D39DC0E3
  \curl -L https://get.rvm.io | bash -s stable --ruby

We also need a JavaScript runtime and a MySQL client.

  sudo apt-get install nodejs
  sudo apt-get install libmysqlclient-dev

Now we're going to install Rails. Alternatively we can install Rails without documentation.

  gem install bundler
  gem install rails		
  (gem install rails --no-ri --no-rdoc)

===== Installation with git:

  mkdir Profectus
  sudo apt-get install git

  git init
  git remote add origin https://github.com/kristh/ProjectProfectus
  git pull origin master

===== After the app has been downloaded:


We now need the Ruby Gems to be installed.

  bundle install

Setup MySQL server as shown {here.}[http://www.rackspace.com/knowledge_center/article/installing-mysql-server-on-ubuntu] 
Users and database needs to be updated in config/database.yml in the production block.

This code will setup the database and compile the assets the app will use.

  rake db:schema:load
  rake assets:precompile

Finally we're able to run the app. To run Unicorn as daemon, simply add -D at the end.
If more servers are to be deployed we recommend to disable the script running from unicorn.rb in the additional servers.

  bundle exec unicorn -E production -c config/unicorn.rb

Facebook now needs to be configured to use the new host on the developer page to be able to login users to the system.

Unicorn will run the page on 0.0.0.0:8080 as default.
A proxy like Nginx can be used to proxy port 80 access to unicorn on port 8080.